I feel we will eat well montmirail
we are a bit against the one I love
mussels or china Breton anyway
I had to be interested in that and then
in Brussels it's still a product
iconic whole family or french fries
first step we will peel the
onions and work in two cantons
knife any dough kills coupleux aux
cut the edge and remove the most on the
right a salad bowl here where I see that
the onions here in belgium that are
powerful anyway look at the my
potatoes olive oil is this
that you would have spices for example from
paprika diary is awesome and
awesome organic paprika give me that it's
super impeccable teysseron business
look I'm going to cut apples from
earth people making big french fries
do I go right common are not too much
big that the right size I do
big triangular fries like that
then so announced a suggestion
I had salt flower from the island of
re la laure give less hours im2a
month these four hours of this one this
who moreover how can I say more
extraordinary in the sky actually
it's the little crust of salt that floats
above the water in the sun we
recovers only a very very fine palette
so he has very little oil salt and
this is the main part of
cedar to ax mayor and selling his
assets it's more subtle his years cracks
and more dice
alas how I have some thyme rosemary
rosemary
I will put them small turtles
everyone bought back for the little ones
leaders like that as to the non branch
no kitsch have been studied puts in
like that adhara summation one of them
that's going to also give some taste to our
potatoes like that we could see
bake quietly then they
will be tested after a
thirty minutes this program of the
time under the hood inter care be
well cooked generous ah yeah yeah that
it is important
here I am mastering and a little pepper
this is as well infinite barbara of
favara it's great and look at it i
mixed chorizo ​​and onions and
garlic and that's what will be the basis
cooking our mussels I was going to roll
less superkart but we will do them
to cook without the casserole we will put the
molds the promise parsley is
will give paprika
we will put rosemary we are big train
piece of butter because counselors
generals it's good
like mireille but less generous
finalized in the pots you blast me
and handed me go 1st to the generous go
c'mon pink and then I look at you the
say carpet wind it's good people in this
time there with your son sake thy for
make the mayonnaise so mustard
I had a hint of salt at the start
So now we will start the
purpose of sunflower and I pour to the net and
you mix well like that woody
continue the fork
here you see why all light
important it is necessary that we yellow brand new
at room temperature
we must never come out of the
refrigerator because if he did
cold it 's not going to allow me to mix
correctly oil with yellow
egg
here he is taking it right now you 're going
put olive oil in place
sunflower by olive oil and that's
the southern touch of France go ahead you can
do not go there
and olive oil has it but that at the
end otherwise you put that olive oil
it's a bit too bitter of my point of
view that's all goes well he sells
with a blow we made a mayonnaise
olive oil atmosphere south of france
and we were gonna have a lot of chervil
in and we really have a mayonnaise
which will be a little green off
herbs chorizo ​​onions
so there now big slice of
berre where each pot is the apparatus
here is a powerful chorizo engine
starts to climb we wrap well the
molds
that's in the onion garlic rosemary the
chorizo so in brittany we put a
pass and farid on because of
blow the flour will thicken the judge that
make a brush and you put you see
until then a cuirass over the
mix right now I invite them the
parsley and chervil and pepper
to finish well raised a first
pot of mussels or bardot dishes
thank you
south of France atmosphere baste ribs
rhône ribs pink rhône as one
like to put it forward look you go
see it's the slightly cool it's
as if we were in the hills
of Provence
it is to be on the waters there
or